[Music]
six types of body fat and how to get rid
of it body fat the bane of our existence
we hate it we desperately want to get
rid of it but most of us don't realize
that there is no Universal remedy for
the fat distributed in the various parts
of our body well be ready for an
eye-opener because Brightside is going
to share some original and super
effective ways to fight six different
types of body fat when we say original
we actually mean it
one of these ways is sleeping oh yeah
we've got your attention now number six
full upper body fat this type of fat
usually starts to accumulate if you
consume more calories than you burn so
the main contributors here are
overeating and inactivity how to get rid
of it do aerobics because this type of
fat appears due to a lack of physical
activity make it a part of your daily
routine running or swimming at least
thirty minutes every day will help you
burn this fat right off if it seems
impossible for you to fit any of these
in your busy schedule try brisk walking
bring some tunes with you so that it
won't feel so much like exercise you can
even dance if you want to stop consuming
processed sugar and forget about sugar
sweetened drinks rather than making you
full sweet foods and drinks just make
you consume way too many unneeded
calories according to the American
Journal of Clinical Nutrition sugary
drinks account for 11 percent of your
daily calorie intake which is actually a
lot given the fact that they don't
nourish your body or provide any benefit
whatsoever
many scientists also consider them the
main reason for the high rates of
obesity
now before you reach for that diet soda
think twice because it won't help you in
your fight either
carbonated drinks even the diet ones
have artificial sweeteners that kick
your body into fat storage mode okay so
what about some fruit juice ah not your
best friend either it has plenty of
sugar in it
stick to good old water it has no
calories and will help quench your
thirst
number five lower abdomen fat you might
have perfectly slim arms and legs but
still not feel 100% satisfied with your
looks because of a Poochie tummy some of
the reasons that cause fat to store in
this part of the body or stress
depression and anxiety yes
stress and depression can even do that
to you bummer
how to get rid of it avoid stress and
learn to relax the stress hormone
cortisol makes fat collect in the belly
so a good option for you is to meditate
or do some breathing exercises when we
say meditation we don't necessarily mean
some fancy yoga class or a trip to Bali
although that would be fantastic you can
learn the most basic techniques and use
them whenever you feel stressed out it's
all about focus and mind power try to
move your focus down to your stomach and
let it soften as you breathe deeper then
say this to yourself
breathing in I call myself breathing out
I smile yeah it sounds a little silly
but it'll work as long as it makes you
smile your mind and body will get the
everything's gonna be fine message and
calm down if you're looking for more
meditation ideas check out this video
drink green tea it's a great natural fat
burner because it's loaded with
antioxidants that can boost metabolism
plus if you're doing some physical
exercise green tea will also enhance its
effect according to the National Center
for Biotechnology information green tea
also works when you're just relaxing and
even in your sleep sign me up finally
drinking a cozy hot cup of green tea is
a good way to calm down when you need it
number four lower body fat your hips
really don't lie one of the causes of
those annoying chapping thunder-thighs
is an excess of gluten in your diet if
you aren't happy with the size of your
lower body you may want to consider
going gluten-free how to get rid of it
walk up hills and stairs yeah in a world
of elevators and escalators easier said
than done right but you really should
make the effort because it'll set the
fat on your thighs on fire figuratively
of course which will tone your leg
muscles riding a bike uphill or
increasing the treadmills incline will
also work your heart will beat faster
and you'll have to work harder since
you're moving upward what will that do
for you well you'll burn more of those
unwanted calories don't skip breakfast I
know our modern-day gogogo lifestyle
means sitting down to have breakfast
sounds like a thing of the past it can
be hard to make yourself eat in the
morning especially something healthy
like oatmeal get that thumbs up if you
agree but you have to do it for your own
good if you don't eat breakfast to kick
start your metabolism in the morning
you'll feel hungrier more tired and just
groggy throughout the day which will
trick your body into eating more in an
attempt to get energy also if you skip
breakfast your body will think it's some
kind of starvation situation and will
start storing supplies turning
everything you eat into fat you don't
want that emergency stockpile on your
body
do you number three a bloated stomach
[Music]
they don't call it a beer belly for
nothing excessive alcohol consumption
can swell up your stomach so be moderate
with your drinks if you want to flatter
tummy how to get rid of it cut back on
alcohol as most of its calories end up
becoming belly fat
just like those carbonated drinks loaded
with sugar alcohol gives us calories but
not nutritional satisfaction
it makes us hungrier and gives us food
cravings it brings down your level of
leptin which is a very useful hormone
that tells your brain you've had enough
food it also causes a lot of other
health problems so really consider this
one next time your friends invite you
out to a night of drinks eat more often
yay
but in smaller portions ah it'll not
only improve your metabolism but also
help you stay energized plus your belly
will look smaller after each meal
knowing your personal limit is key here
we all have different lifestyles one
person is more active and needs more
food fuel than another find out how many
calories you need on a daily basis using
an online calorie calculator don't worry
the internet is full of them it'll take
into account your gender age height
weight level of activity and your weight
loss goals then you can just divide all
the daily calorie intake number by five
to figure out how many calories each
meal should give you plan your meals and
know their caloric content it sounds
like a lot of work but this meal time
map can actually be fun plus it'll help
you reach your weight loss dreams number
two lower body fat including lower legs
this type of fat is common for women who
have vascular problems in their legs or
during pregnancy which can cause the
legs to swell see men normally
accumulate more fat in the belly area
and head
Biron football just kidding guys on the
other hand female hormones cause ladies
to store extra pounds in the lower body
and legs how to get rid of it to avoid
swelling you need to drastically cut
down on salty foods since salt causes
fluid retention in your body ah no more
french fries well if you do enjoy your
salty foods this could actually be the
reason for all the extra fat in your
legs change your diet and add plenty of
water to it it'll flush out that extra
sodium from your kidneys don't sit
without moving for more than 30 minutes
try to stand up and walk around
frequently grab a glass of water stretch
and move to the far corner of your
office to talk to your coworkers any
extra movement will do you good
since it can help drag the extra fluid
the right way if you have the
opportunity to lie down with your feet
elevated you should do that to prevent
fluid from building up in your lower
legs number 1 a large stomach with upper
back fat the main reason why this can
happen to you is inactivity so you
should start exercising immediately if
your big stomach and back fat bother you
how to get rid of it and now the moment
we've all been waiting for
drumroll please the effective remedy for
a large stomach and upper back fat is
sleeping make sure that you're getting
enough sleep sleep deprivation can lead
to hormonal imbalances an increased
appetite and weight gain which will
result in fact being stored mostly in
your belly and back I always knew
sleeping was the right thing to do eat
more food that is rich in fiber this
means adding beans peas lentils broccoli
oatmeal whole wheat pasta avocados and
raspberries to your diet fibre will help
reduce your appetite and calorie
absorption from food
and give you waist and back a much nicer
appearance
[Music]
please remember that a healthy diet and
an active lifestyle will have the best
impact on your body regardless of your
figure type the key is to make lifestyle
changes that with time become a normal
part of your routine it's just the
starting that's the hardest part so get
to it so that you can be on the road to
a better you have you ever tried any of
these tips were they helpful feel free
to share in the comments if you liked
this video give it a thumbs up once it
gets 50,000 likes we'll share another
video with fat fighting tips make sure
to subscribe to our Channel you don't
want to miss all the cool updates we
have on the way do you